Update documentation for "Allow to write audit logs on exceptions even if disabled for GET requests" (#2825)
abpframework/abp: docs/en/Audit-Logging.md

* `IsEnabled` (default: `true`): A root switch to enable or disable the auditing system. Other options is not used if this value is `false`.
* `HideErrors` (default: `true`): Audit log system hides and write regular [logs](Logging.md) if any error occurs while saving the audit log objects. If saving the audit logs is critical for your system, set this to `false` to throw exception in case of hiding the errors.
* `IsEnabledForAnonymousUsers` (default: `true`): If you want to write audit logs only for the authenticated users, set this to `false`. If you save audit logs for anonymous users, you will see `null` for `UserId` values for these users.

> * `AlwaysLogOnException` (default: `true`): Audit log option to save all the exceptions occur in the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `AlwaysLogOnException` (default: `true`): If you set to true, it always saves the audit log on an exception/error case without checking other options (except `IsEnabled`, which completely disables the audit logging).
```
